docs(process callout): update the section of custom value (#2343)
Kong/developer.konghq.com: app/_kong_plugins/request-callout/index.md

In `custom` values, callouts can be referenced via the shorthand `callouts.CALLOUT_NAME`
instead of the full `kong.ngx.shared.callouts.CALLOUT_NAME`. 
Lua expressions don't carry side effects.

> If the `custom` value is a raw string, we need to make sure it does not start with '#' or '$', the
> backend interpreter will take the following characters as Lua expression. For example, #1234! is not
> a valid `custom` value. An alternative solution for this case is to change the value from #1234! to
> $("#1234!") by putting the original raw string into $("RAW STRING").

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the `custom` value is a raw string, make sure the string doesn't start with `#` or `$`,
as the backend interpreter will read anything following these characters as a Lua expression. 
If you need to include a `#` or `$` character, change the value to `$("$|#RAW STRING")`.
For example, `#1234!` is not a valid `custom` value. To make it valid, pass the value as `$("#1234!")`.
```
